Added the New Relic Metrics Adapter (#106007)
kubernetes/kubernetes: staging/src/k8s.io/metrics/IMPLEMENTATIONS.md

  They are listed here for convenience.***

 - [KEDA](https://github.com/kedacore/keda). A Kubernetes-based Event Driven Autoscaling component. It provides event driven scale for any container running in Kubernetes.

> - [New Relic Metrics Adapter](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-k8s-metrics-adapter). Implementation of the external metrics provider. It provides the capability to autoscale the cluster using New Relic telemetry data like infrastucture services or applications. More information [here](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/kubernetes-pixie/kubernetes-integration/newrelic-hpa-metrics-adapter/newrelic-metrics-adapter/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [New Relic Metrics Adapter](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-k8s-metrics-adapter). Exposes New Relic metrics and query results as External Metrics, allowing to scale your workloads using data from infrastructure, APM, or a combination of both. More information [here](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/kubernetes-pixie/kubernetes-integration/newrelic-hpa-metrics-adapter/newrelic-metrics-adapter/).
```

Author: I signed it
